singledispatch argumentToString (#115)
gruns/icecream: README.md

ic| 7: 7, 'hello': [!string 'hello' with length 5!]
```

> The default `argToStringFunction` is `icecream.argumentToString`, and has methods to `register` and `unregister` functions to be dispatched for specific classes (i.e., `singledispatch`). It also has a `registry` property to view registered functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `argToStringFunction` is `icecream.argumentToString`, and has methods to `register` and `unregister` functions to be dispatched for specific classes using `functools.singledispatch`. It also has a `registry` property to view registered functions.
```
